README.md, before:

This is collection of icons/logos for operating systems and various applications detected by [Matomo's Device Detector](https://github.com/matomo-org/device-detector) except AFNetworking apps (need specific names). Expected use case: an audit page showing data on past user logins or current sessions.  
While most icons are 100% "official" (at the time of addition), for some more obscure or old ones I can't guarantee that a proper icon is being used. In fact, for some of them icon/logo of respective owning company or avatar of original creator is used.  
For format consistency's sake some icons may have been edited slightly:
- spacing added to make up perfect squares
- excessive spacing removed, but to still keep square ratio
- all icons with dimensions over 1200x1200 pixels were resized to 1200x1200 (I doubt that anyone would need larger versions for potential use cases)
- side-text removed, unless necessary for differentiation of the icon from similar yet unrelated ones or essential to the logo
- solid background removed (for transparency), unless it is part of the brand, or it otherwise deemed important to readability
- all icons were converted to lossless WebP format except for `device/type`, `client/type`, `bot/category`, which are in SVG (all taken from [svgrepo](https://www.svgrepo.com/)) to allow adjusting their colors through CSS to suit the website's style, if needed
- names of the files for `OS/2`, `GNU/Linux`, `MTK / Nucleus`, `Perl REST::Client`, `HTTP:Tiny`, `AUX` were changed to `OS2`, `GNULinux`, `MTK  Nucleus`, `Perl RESTClient`, `HTTP Tiny`, `ＡＵＸ` respectively due to special symbols

If desired, you can see all the icons from the collection on one page [here](https://www.simbiat.dev/simplepages/devicedetector/).

Example of convenient use in PHP:
```php
#Initialize device detector
$dd = (new \DeviceDetector\DeviceDetector($_SERVER['HTTP_USER_AGENT']));
$dd->parse();
#Get OS
$os = $dd->getOs();
#Get client
$client = $dd->getClient();
#Set OS and client icon if they exist
if (is_file('/img/devicedetector/client/os/'.$os['name'].'.webp')) {
    $os['icon'] = '/img/devicedetector/client/os/'.$os['name'].'.webp';
}
if (is_file('/img/devicedetector/client/'.$client['type'].'/'.$client['name'].'.webp')) {
    $client['icon'] = '/img/devicedetector/client/'.$client['type'].'/'.$client['name'].'.webp';
}
```
For a more elaborate use (audit page), check this [php](https://github.com/Simbiat/simbiat.dev/blob/master/lib/simbiat.ru/src/usercontrol/Pages/Sessions.php) (for backend) and [twig](https://github.com/Simbiat/simbiat.ru/blob/master/twig/usercontrol/sessions.twig) (for frontend) files.

Commit message:

Added class to get icons from PHP

README.md, after:

This is collection of icons/logos for operating systems and various applications detected by [Matomo's Device Detector](https://github.com/matomo-org/device-detector) except AFNetworking apps (need specific names). Expected use case: an audit page showing data on past user logins or current sessions.  
While most icons are 100% "official" (at the time of addition), for some more obscure or old ones I can't guarantee that a proper icon is being used. In fact, for some of them icon/logo of respective owning company or avatar of original creator is used.  
For format consistency's sake some icons may have been edited slightly:

- spacing added to make up perfect squares
- excessive spacing removed, but to still keep square ratio
- all icons with dimensions over 1200x1200 pixels were resized to 1200x1200 (I doubt that anyone would need larger versions for potential use cases)
- side-text removed, unless necessary for differentiation of the icon from similar yet unrelated ones or essential to the logo
- solid background removed (for transparency), unless it is part of the brand, or it otherwise deemed important to readability
- all icons were converted to lossless WebP format except for `device/type`, `client/type`, `bot/category`, which are in SVG (all taken from [svgrepo](https://www.svgrepo.com/)) to allow adjusting their colors through CSS to suit the website's style, if needed
- names of the files for `OS/2`, `GNU/Linux`, `MTK / Nucleus`, `Perl REST::Client`, `HTTP:Tiny`, `AUX` were changed to `OS2`, `GNULinux`, `MTK  Nucleus`, `Perl RESTClient`, `HTTP Tiny`, `ＡＵＸ` respectively due to special symbols

If desired, you can see all the icons from the collection on one page [here](https://www.simbiat.dev/simplepages/devicedetector/).

Collection also comes with a custom class `\Simbiat\DDCIcons` that can help get respective icon with support of variable images formats (with prioritization) and a fallback icon.  
Functions available:

- `getBot(string $bot, ?string $category = null)`
- `getBotCategory(string $category)`
- `getBrowser(string $browser, ?string $family = null, ?string $engine = null)`
- `getBrowserFamily(string $family)`
- `getBrowserEngine(string $engine)`
- `getOS(string $OS, ?string $family = null)`
- `getOSFamily(string $family)`
- `getClient(string $client, string $type)`
- `getClientType(string $type)`
- `getBrand(string $brand, ?string $type = null)`
- `getDeviceType(string $type)`

Names of the functions should be self-explanatory, and all of them require at least the name of the respective entity. with `getClient` also requiring type of the client. Some of the functions also support optional arguments, that allow alternative fallback icons, if found.

Class has the following settings:

- `string $basePath` - base path to be attached to the returned value, which will complete the value to a usable URL for your website. Note, that you _may_ need to use rewrite rules in the web server settings to actually make the files accessible, though.
- `array $extensionPriority` - priority of the file formats. If a folder has multiple versions of an icon the fist one existing will be used. Lower case is expected both in the array and in the actual files.
- `array $namesToReplace` - names that will need to be replaced due to file systems' limitation or for other reasons (if customized).
- `array $paths` - paths used by the class. Do not change, unless you know what you are doing.
- `string $fallback` - default fallback icon relative to `$basePath`. Same as with `$basePath` you may need to use rewrite rules in the web server settings to make it accessible for clients.
